Jodi Houlihan | About Me 101

CAREER
As Director of Community Affairs at Illinois Tech, I focus on
economic development, entrepreneurship, and education
via the programs and initiatives my department manages and implements.
I, along with my colleagues, work directly with Illinois Tech's internal and external
communities to create mutually beneficial opportunities between the university community
and its external constituents to create replicable and unique learning opportunities
to produce life enhancing initiatives for the community and its members.

In my position as Founder and Executive Director of Eurekatory, NFP, I manage the
stakeholder's relationships, daily
operations, financial processing, as well as develop curricula for programming.
Eurekatory, NFP is an organization
dedicated to
researching, designing and executing educational curricula and interventions focused on
innovation, invention and entrepreneurship,

EDUCATION
I am a life-learner who loves education. I can be the student,
the instructor or a collaborator on a team as long as the end result is internalizing
and understanding exciting news ways in which to view the world around me.

I have a Bachelor of Science in Biology from the University of Illinois at Chicago,
a Master of Applied Science in Science Education from the Illinois Institute
of Technology and a Master of Design Methods from the Illinois Institute of
Technology. I am currently taking graduate classes at the Illinois Institute of
Technology in Technical Communications housed within the Humanities Department.

PERSONAL
I have a passion for STEM education, engineering, entrepreneurship, design-thinking, and
innovation.  When I relax I usually go for a walk, swim, bike ride, grab a book or
hang out with my family and friends. This helps me to appreciate the world around me
in a whole different way outside of my educational aspirations.

My research interests are on curricula techniques related to behavioral
economics, user experience studies, team collaborations and innovation.
My courses in the Technical Communications' discipline will help me to
get one more step closer to developing additional curriculum for
Eurekatory, NFP and conducting additional research studies, by honing
my skill set within the digital environment.
